ladies and
gentlemen introducing luk and the
heart is Rina
here who's that guy he's
yours going to tell me I heard from you
over here just took off my son and I
should be around him I wasn't around my
dad looking way I turned out har you
going to take care of
us I can't think of another line of work
that I'd rather be in you're so smart
you can do anything you want just don't
understand why you're doing this I'm a
cop
J you got a kid you want to provide for
that kid you got to do that using your
skill set and your skill set
damn all right everybody wants to live
put your hands in the
105 in Pursuit suspect 104 I got a
visual on a
motorcycle tell him it's for me I'm
still his father I can give him
[Music]
stuff I'm officer DeLuca we're here to
search your house what for we're looking
for the money that Luke glanton may or
may not have given to
you 14 Grand the lion shares going to
our
hero this is your problem this is our
problem and I'm bringing it to your
attention because that's what I should
do I want to do two in one day get up
I'm not going to let you bring us both
down there's a way out of this you're
not going to like it
[Music]
you know something Luke if you ride like
lightning you're going to crash like
thunder
[Music]